Fix operations precendence (#265)
tact-lang/tact: CHANGELOG.md

- `@stdlib/stoppable` now imports `@stdlib/ownable` so the programmer does not have to do it separately: PR [#193](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/193)
- Support escape sequences for strings (`\\`, `\"`, `\n`, `\r`, `\t`, `\v`, `\b`, `\f`, `\u{0}` through `\u{FFFFFF}`, `\u0000` through `\uFFFF`, `\x00` through `\xFF`): PR [#192](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/192)
- `newAddress` function now evaluates to a constant value if possible: PR [#237](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/237)

> - Operation precendence now matches with JavaScript rules: PR [#265](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/265)

Reviewer: people in general would expect certain operator precedences, so this is definitely fixed, not changed

> - Operation precendence now matches with JavaScript rules: PR [#265](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/265)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Operation precendence for bitwise operators, equality and comparisons now matches common languages, like JavaScript: PR [#265](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/265)
```
